**** NO LONGER USED. ****

Welcome to ChubberNet!

ChubberNet was created as a "place for alum chubbers to meet", since
we no longer get to go to Robo every Monday night *sniff* :-( It is a
list of chubber alums who are interested in keeping in touch. Typical
traffic includes people's trip reports, discussions about future alum
trips, and occasionally news of interest from Hanover.  C&T senior
ugrads are welcome on the list, as a "bridge" to the imminent "outside
world" and as a connection to recently-graduated friends.

To send mail to all chubbers, send mail to
     chubbers-alum@listserv.dartmouth.edu

Once a month I send out a list of everyone that is subscribed, to make
it easier for you to find someone and contact them individually.  To
get yourself on (or off) the list, change your address, or request an
up-to-date copy of the full list, visit
   <http://listserv.dartmouth.org/scripts/wa.exe?SUBED1=CHUBBERS>
Or contact me at dfkotz@mac.com.

Since the list is truly global in scope, and has well over 500
subscribers, please try to limit the messages that are only of
interest to undergrads, or to "local" chubbers (e.g., local to
Hanover). I generally discourage messages with a "political" flavor,
e.g., petition drives, unless they are related to DOC home turf.
Here are some best practices:

1. Please feel free to post your news, query, or trip report.
(Especially trip reports!)  If you have any doubt as to whether your
post might be appropriate for ChubberNet, write to me privately and we
can discuss.

2. If you post a query, please ask respondents to reply privately,
that is, without copying the listserv.  If there are several good
responses, send a summary back to the list as a whole.

3. Take advantage of mail filters.  Almost every email client (Apple
Mail, GMail, Outlook, etc.) has a mechanism to filter your inbound
email.  I use Apple Mail and set up a rule to sort ChubberNet email
(and most other personal communications) into a “low-priority inbox”
that I generally ignore during the workday.

Note the listserv will reject attachments other than text, image, and
pdf files, and large attachments.  This, I hope, will filter a lot of
the viruses.  It also filters Word documents; please use plain text or
pdf (not everyone can open Word docs).

Thanks!
David Kotz '86 <dfkotz@mac.com>
