NOTES

What to post:
 Please feel free to post your news, query, or trip report.
 Trip reports are especially enjoyed!

 Please limit the messages that are only of interest to undergrads, or
 to "local" chubbers (e.g., local to Hanover).  This list is global!
 (Also, see below for two regional lists.)

 Please avoid messages with a "political" flavor, e.g., petition
 drives, unless they are related to DOC home turf.

 Before responding to a message on ChubberNet, please consider whether
 to reply-all or to reply privately, that is, without copying the
 listserv.  From what I've heard, substantive responses to inquiries
 seem to be of interest to many. Some collate private responses and
 later share a summary.

 If you have any doubt as to whether your post might be appropriate
 for ChubberNet, write to me at dfkotz@mac.com and we can discuss.

Attachments:
 Listserv will reject large attachments and anything other than text,
 image, or pdf files.  The Listserv also rejects Word documents;
 please use plain text or pdf.

Archive:
 All messages to the list are archived, accessible only to list members:
    https://listserv.dartmouth.edu/scripts/wa.exe?A0=CHUBBERS-ALUM
 The archive is searchable and goes back to January 2008.  You may
 need to create an account on the listserv website to be able to log
 in; that account will also allow you to manage your subscription.

NYC-area chubbers:
 If you also want to join the "chubberMet" mailing list -- specific to
 NYC-area chubbers -- please write to John Decker '91 <jrd@IGC.ORG>.

San Francisco & Tahoe area chubbers:
 If you also want to join the "Dartmouth Outing Club of Northern
 California" mailing list, please fill out the form at the bottom of
 the docnc.net page. For more information, write
 <docncreservations@gmail.com> -- Benjamin Prudhomme '17, president of
 DOCNC.

Too much email?
 If you feel ChubberNet is overfilling your inbox, here are some
 tips; not all are suitable for everyone, or in combination.

 6a. If you use GMail, I'm told it "has a handy 'mute' feature in the
 'more options/three horizontal dots' part of the header bar on every
 email that will mute future replies" on the thread.

 6b. Put ChubberNet into "digest" mode, which means you'll get (at
 most) one message per day from the listserv; that message will include
 all that day's messages rolled into one.  Two approaches: (1) visit
 the listserv website, log in, and set Digest Mode. (2) Using the
 account at which you receive ChubberNet email, send an email message
 to listserv@listserv.dartmouth.edu with the body being only
    SET CHUBBERS-ALUM DIGESTS
 If you take this approach, take care when you reply to
 ensure you're replying to the right message within the digest.

 6c. Take advantage of mail filters.  Almost every email client (Apple
 Mail, GMail, Outlook, etc.) has a mechanism to filter your inbound
 email.  I use Apple Mail and set up a rule to sort ChubberNet email
 (and most other personal communications) into a "low-priority inbox"
 that I generally ignore during the workday.
