This is the monthly posting of the ChubberNet mailing list.  

To send a message to the list, write to chubbers-alum@listserv.Dartmouth.edu

To change your address, write to dfkotz@mac.com

If you also want to join the "chubberMet" mailing list -- specific
to NYC-area chubbers -- please write to John Decker '91 <jrd@IGC.ORG>.

If you also want to join the "Dartmouth Outing Club of Northern California"
mailing list -- specific to San Francisco & Tahoe area chubbers -- please
write <information@docnc.net>. -- Craig Sakowitz '93, president of DOCNC.

Below is the whole list as it stands right now.  
At the bottom of the list is a list of changes since last month, names
of key officers in the DOC, addresses of people who have asked not
receive all ChubberNet email, names of some spouses not themselves on
the list, and a list of name changes.

Since the list is truly global in scope, and has well over 500
subscribers, please try to limit the messages that are only of
interest to undergrads, or to "local" chubbers (e.g., local to
Hanover). I generally discourage messages with a "political" flavor,
e.g., petition drives, unless they are related to DOC home turf.

Note the Listserv will reject large attachments and anything other
than text, image, or pdf files.  This arrangement screens out most
spam and viruses.  The Listserv also rejects Word documents; please
use plain text or pdf (not everyone can open Word docs).

Here are some best practices:

1. Please feel free to post your news, query, or trip report.  (We
love trip reports!)  If you have any doubt as to whether your post
might be appropriate for ChubberNet, write to me at dfkotz@mac.com and
we can discuss.

2. Before responding to a message on ChubberNet, please consider
whether to reply-all or to reply privately, that is, without copying
the listserv.  From what I've heard, substantive responses to
inquiries seem to be of interest to many.

3. Manage your inbox; below are three suggestions; not all are
suitable for everyone, or in combination.

3a. If you use GMail, I'm told it "has a handy 'mute' feature in the
'more options/three horizontal dots' part of the header bar on every
email that will mute future replies" on the thread.

3b. Put ChubberNet into "digest" mode, which means you'll get (at
most) one message per day from the listserv; that message will include
all that day's messages rolled into one.  Two approaches: (1) visit
the listserv website, log in, and set Digest Mode. (2) Using the
account at which you receive ChubberNet email, send an email message
to listserv@listserv.dartmouth.edu with the body being only
   SET CHUBBERS-ALUM DIGESTS
If you take this approach, take care when you reply to
ensure you're replying to the right message within the digest.

3c. Take advantage of mail filters.  Almost every email client (Apple
Mail, GMail, Outlook, etc.) has a mechanism to filter your inbound
email.  I use Apple Mail and set up a rule to sort ChubberNet email
(and most other personal communications) into a "low-priority inbox"
that I generally ignore during the workday.

Yours in the Out-of-Doors,
David Kotz '86
dfkotz@mac.com

